now we are going to present a review of
the two months of checked with the
original and compatible from another point
it's good we start with the original the
original in a bag according to
the go pro hologram and its respective
string label hospitais loop
According to stern it is coming in here
agree and you can always save it
that you want in the same bag then
let's see the characteristics of
original harness carries a high clip of
According to an adjustment screw for
adjust to hold your voice but then
the different this harness carries the logo
of the Swiss brand and the logo on the
harness to the front and logo
in the back of the goal but
agreement the material is a material
bright in bright plastic
a very flexible rubber for any
Body diameter and time of
fixation is a click we open it
we put it as suspenders
and to close it to adjust body
we take and we close
well this has been the original harness
for compatible males is not
compatible plastic bag
agreement
and the characteristics of stern is that it is
that for example in the staple we do not put
Nor ahead and not behind the
material is a bright plastic equal
already for the same anchors as the
original what changes from this to the other
is the rubber looks more or less the same
quality but I do not know exactly and
the extender with a flat gravel the
extensor I think it's much more
versatile that a high staple agree and
they have the same adjustment screw and
it gets exactly the same as we opened
here we put it in ernest form and
we close again this has been a
author revelation points